README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/REPLACE_WITH_PROJECT_ID

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/REPLACE_WITH_PROJECT_ID) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## Country data

All country-related data (base fields + localizations + enrichments) lives in `src/data/countries.ts`.

- Update/regenerate the dataset: `npm run update:countries`
- Also refresh local flag assets (fallback downloads): `npm run update:countries -- --download-flags`

### Flags

- **Shipped flags (public):** `public/flags/` must contain only hashed filenames like `<12hex>.svg` (these are copied to `dist/flags/` on build).
- **Source material (non-public):** ISO2 SVGs live in `scripts/assets/flags-iso2/` (e.g. `US.svg`, `gb-eng.svg`, `xk.svg`) and are used by the generator to populate missing hashed outputs.
- **Verification:** `npm run verify:public-flags` and `npm run verify:dist-flags`

Optional:
- Set `COUNTRY_DATA_USER_AGENT` when running the updater (Wikidata Query Service etiquette).

Data sources used by the updater script:
- REST Countries (base country fields + translations)
- World Bank API (economics like GDP)
- Wikidata SPARQL (politics/culture enrichments)

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/REPLACE_WITH_PROJECT_ID) and click on Share -> Publish.

**Important for CI/CD builds:**
- The build process automatically generates required runtime assets via the `prebuild` script:
  - `public/data/countries.json` and `public/data/data-version.json` (from `npm run export:countries-json`)
  - PWA icons in `public/icons/` (from `npm run generate:pwa-icons`)
  - PWA manifest at `public/manifest.webmanifest` (generated by vite-plugin-pwa)
- These files are gitignored and must be generated during the build process
- No additional CI configuration needed—`npm run build` handles everything

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/features/custom-domain#custom-domain)

Commit message:

Add leaderboards and perfect-score flow

README.md, after:

# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/REPLACE_WITH_PROJECT_ID

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/REPLACE_WITH_PROJECT_ID) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## Leaderboards API

Set `VITE_LEADERBOARD_ENDPOINT` (or `VITE_LEADERBOARD_API`) to override the leaderboard API route.
Default is `/api/scores`. Example: `VITE_LEADERBOARD_ENDPOINT=https://geomania-leaderboards.pages.dev/api/scores`

## Country data

All country-related data (base fields + localizations + enrichments) lives in `src/data/countries.ts`.

- Update/regenerate the dataset: `npm run update:countries`
- Also refresh local flag assets (fallback downloads): `npm run update:countries -- --download-flags`

### Flags

- **Shipped flags (public):** `public/flags/` must contain only hashed filenames like `<12hex>.svg` (these are copied to `dist/flags/` on build).
- **Source material (non-public):** ISO2 SVGs live in `scripts/assets/flags-iso2/` (e.g. `US.svg`, `gb-eng.svg`, `xk.svg`) and are used by the generator to populate missing hashed outputs.
- **Verification:** `npm run verify:public-flags` and `npm run verify:dist-flags`

Optional:
- Set `COUNTRY_DATA_USER_AGENT` when running the updater (Wikidata Query Service etiquette).

Data sources used by the updater script:
- REST Countries (base country fields + translations)
- World Bank API (economics like GDP)
- Wikidata SPARQL (politics/culture enrichments)

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/REPLACE_WITH_PROJECT_ID) and click on Share -> Publish.

**Important for CI/CD builds:**
- The build process automatically generates required runtime assets via the `prebuild` script:
  - `public/data/countries.json` and `public/data/data-version.json` (from `npm run export:countries-json`)
  - PWA icons in `public/icons/` (from `npm run generate:pwa-icons`)
  - PWA manifest at `public/manifest.webmanifest` (generated by vite-plugin-pwa)
- These files are gitignored and must be generated during the build process
- No additional CI configuration needed—`npm run build` handles everything

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/features/custom-domain#custom-domain)
