docs/DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# Deployment Guide

This document explains how to deploy Geomania to GitHub Pages and Cloudflare Pages using the automated CI/CD pipeline.

## Overview

The CI/CD pipeline automatically:
- ✅ Runs quality gates (lint, typecheck, unit tests)
- ✅ Runs E2E tests with Playwright
- ✅ Builds the production bundle
- 🚀 Deploys to GitHub Pages (on main branch)
- 🚀 Deploys to Cloudflare Pages (on main branch)

## Prerequisites

### For GitHub Pages Deployment

1. **Enable GitHub Pages in repository settings:**
   - Go to: Settings → Pages
   - Source: GitHub Actions
   - No additional configuration needed

2. **Repository must have GitHub Pages enabled**
   - The workflow will automatically deploy on push to `main`

### For Cloudflare Pages Deployment

1. **Create a Cloudflare Pages project:**
   - Go to Cloudflare Dashboard → Pages
   - Create a new project named `geomania` (or update workflow with your project name)
   - You can create it manually or let the first deployment create it

2. **Add required GitHub secrets:**

   Go to: GitHub Repository → Settings → Secrets and variables → Actions

   Add these secrets:

   - `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`
     - Get from: Cloudflare Dashboard → My Profile → API Tokens
     - Create token with "Cloudflare Pages" permissions
     - Or use "Edit Cloudflare Workers" template

   - `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID`
     - Get from: Cloudflare Dashboard → Pages (URL contains your account ID)
     - Or go to: Workers & Pages → Account ID

## Deployment URLs

After successful deployment, your app will be available at:

- **GitHub Pages**: `https://<username>.github.io/geomania/`
- **Cloudflare Pages**: `https://geomania.pages.dev` (or your custom domain)

## CI/CD Pipeline

### On Pull Requests

When you open a PR, the pipeline will:
1. Run quality gates (lint, typecheck, unit tests)
2. Run E2E tests (Playwright)
3. ❌ Block merge if any check fails
4. ✅ No deployment (only validation)

### On Push to Main

When you push to `main` branch:
1. Run all quality gates
2. Run all E2E tests
3. Build production bundle
4. Deploy to GitHub Pages
5. Deploy to Cloudflare Pages

## Manual Deployment

### Local Build

```bash
# Build for GitHub Pages
VITE_BASE_PATH=/geomania/ npm run build

# Build for Cloudflare Pages (root path)
npm run build

# Preview the build locally
npm run preview
```

### Manual Deploy to Cloudflare

```bash
# Install Wrangler CLI
npm install -g wrangler

# Login to Cloudflare
wrangler login

# Deploy manually
npm run build
wrangler pages deploy dist --project-name=geomania
```

## Testing the Pipeline

### Test Locally Before Pushing

```bash
# Run all checks that CI will run
npm run lint
npm run typecheck
npm run test:run
npm run test:e2e:chromium
```

### Test E2E in Different Browsers

```bash
# Install all browsers
npm run playwright:install

# Run in all browsers
npm run test:e2e

# Run with UI mode (interactive)
npm run test:e2e:ui

# Run with browser visible
npm run test:e2e:headed
```

## Troubleshooting

### GitHub Pages 404 Error

If you get 404 errors on GitHub Pages:
- Ensure `VITE_BASE_PATH` matches your repository name
- Check that GitHub Pages is enabled in repository settings
- Wait a few minutes for deployment to complete

### Cloudflare Deployment Fails

If Cloudflare deployment fails:
- Verify `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` has correct permissions
- Verify `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` is correct
- Check that project name in workflow matches Cloudflare Pages project

### E2E Tests Failing

If E2E tests fail in CI but pass locally:
- Check Playwright report artifact in GitHub Actions
- Tests run only in Chromium in CI (faster)
- Increase timeout for slower CI environment if needed

### Build Fails

If build fails:
- Check that all scripts (prebuild) complete successfully
- Verify all dependencies are in `package.json`
- Check build logs in GitHub Actions

## Environment Variables

The following environment variables are used:

- `VITE_BASE_PATH`: Base path for the app (set in CI for GitHub Pages)
- `VITE_DISABLE_PWA`: Set to `"true"` to disable PWA features
- `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`: Cloudflare API token (GitHub secret)
- `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID`: Cloudflare account ID (GitHub secret)

## Custom Domain

### GitHub Pages Custom Domain

1. Go to: Settings → Pages → Custom domain
2. Add your domain (e.g., `geomania.example.com`)
3. Update DNS records as instructed
4. Update `VITE_BASE_PATH` in workflow to `/`

### Cloudflare Pages Custom Domain

1. Go to: Cloudflare Pages → Your Project → Custom domains
2. Add your domain
3. Cloudflare will automatically configure DNS

## Monitoring Deployments

- **GitHub Actions**: Check workflow runs in the Actions tab
- **GitHub Pages**: Settings → Pages shows deployment status
- **Cloudflare Pages**: Dashboard shows deployment history and logs

## Rollback

### GitHub Pages Rollback

GitHub Pages keeps deployment history. To rollback:
1. Find the successful workflow run you want to restore
2. Re-run the deployment job
3. Or revert the commit and push to `main`

### Cloudflare Pages Rollback

1. Go to Cloudflare Pages → Your Project → Deployments
2. Find the deployment you want to restore
3. Click "Rollback to this deployment"

## Additional Notes

- Deployments happen only on `main` branch pushes
- PR checks run on every PR but don't deploy
- GitHub Pages and Cloudflare Pages are built separately with different `VITE_BASE_PATH` values
- E2E tests must pass before deployment
- Failed deployments don't affect the current live site

Commit message:

Fix CI/CD: Make Cloudflare deployment optional to prevent workflow failures
Changes:
- Add CLOUDFLARE_DEPLOYMENT_ENABLED variable check to Cloudflare deployment job
- Cloudflare Pages deployment now only runs when explicitly enabled
- Update deployment documentation with clear setup instructions
- Clarify in README that GitHub Pages works out of the box

This fixes the CI workflow failure when Cloudflare credentials are not configured.
The pipeline now successfully deploys to GitHub Pages without requiring Cloudflare setup.

To enable Cloudflare deployment:
1. Add CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN and CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID secrets
2. Add CLOUDFLARE_DEPLOYMENT_ENABLED variable set to "true"

docs/DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# Deployment Guide

This document explains how to deploy Geomania to GitHub Pages and Cloudflare Pages using the automated CI/CD pipeline.

## Overview

The CI/CD pipeline automatically:
- ✅ Runs quality gates (lint, typecheck, unit tests)
- ✅ Runs E2E tests with Playwright
- ✅ Builds the production bundle
- 🚀 Deploys to GitHub Pages (on main branch)
- 🚀 Deploys to Cloudflare Pages (on main branch)

## Prerequisites

### For GitHub Pages Deployment

1. **Enable GitHub Pages in repository settings:**
   - Go to: Settings → Pages
   - Source: GitHub Actions
   - No additional configuration needed

2. **Repository must have GitHub Pages enabled**
   - The workflow will automatically deploy on push to `main`

### For Cloudflare Pages Deployment

> **Note**: Cloudflare Pages deployment is **disabled by default**. The pipeline only deploys to GitHub Pages out of the box. To enable Cloudflare deployment, follow these steps:

1. **Create a Cloudflare Pages project:**
   - Go to Cloudflare Dashboard → Pages
   - Create a new project named `geomania` (or update workflow with your project name)
   - You can create it manually or let the first deployment create it

2. **Add required GitHub secrets:**

   Go to: GitHub Repository → Settings → Secrets and variables → Actions

   Add these secrets:

   - `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`
     - Get from: Cloudflare Dashboard → My Profile → API Tokens
     - Create token with "Cloudflare Pages" permissions
     - Or use "Edit Cloudflare Workers" template

   - `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID`
     - Get from: Cloudflare Dashboard → Pages (URL contains your account ID)
     - Or go to: Workers & Pages → Account ID

3. **Enable Cloudflare deployment in CI/CD:**

   Go to: GitHub Repository → Settings → Variables and actions → Variables

   Add a repository variable:
   - Name: `CLOUDFLARE_DEPLOYMENT_ENABLED`
   - Value: `true`

   Once enabled, the pipeline will automatically deploy to both GitHub Pages and Cloudflare Pages on every push to `main`.

## Deployment URLs

After successful deployment, your app will be available at:

- **GitHub Pages**: `https://<username>.github.io/geomania/`
- **Cloudflare Pages**: `https://geomania.pages.dev` (or your custom domain)

## CI/CD Pipeline

### On Pull Requests

When you open a PR, the pipeline will:
1. Run quality gates (lint, typecheck, unit tests)
2. Run E2E tests (Playwright)
3. ❌ Block merge if any check fails
4. ✅ No deployment (only validation)

### On Push to Main

When you push to `main` branch:
1. Run all quality gates
2. Run all E2E tests
3. Build production bundle
4. Deploy to GitHub Pages
5. Deploy to Cloudflare Pages

## Manual Deployment

### Local Build

```bash
# Build for GitHub Pages
VITE_BASE_PATH=/geomania/ npm run build

# Build for Cloudflare Pages (root path)
npm run build

# Preview the build locally
npm run preview
```

### Manual Deploy to Cloudflare

```bash
# Install Wrangler CLI
npm install -g wrangler

# Login to Cloudflare
wrangler login

# Deploy manually
npm run build
wrangler pages deploy dist --project-name=geomania
```

## Testing the Pipeline

### Test Locally Before Pushing

```bash
# Run all checks that CI will run
npm run lint
npm run typecheck
npm run test:run
npm run test:e2e:chromium
```

### Test E2E in Different Browsers

```bash
# Install all browsers
npm run playwright:install

# Run in all browsers
npm run test:e2e

# Run with UI mode (interactive)
npm run test:e2e:ui

# Run with browser visible
npm run test:e2e:headed
```

## Troubleshooting

### GitHub Pages 404 Error

If you get 404 errors on GitHub Pages:
- Ensure `VITE_BASE_PATH` matches your repository name
- Check that GitHub Pages is enabled in repository settings
- Wait a few minutes for deployment to complete

### Cloudflare Deployment Fails

If Cloudflare deployment fails:
- Verify `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` has correct permissions
- Verify `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` is correct
- Check that project name in workflow matches Cloudflare Pages project

### E2E Tests Failing

If E2E tests fail in CI but pass locally:
- Check Playwright report artifact in GitHub Actions
- Tests run only in Chromium in CI (faster)
- Increase timeout for slower CI environment if needed

### Build Fails

If build fails:
- Check that all scripts (prebuild) complete successfully
- Verify all dependencies are in `package.json`
- Check build logs in GitHub Actions

## Environment Variables

The following environment variables are used:

- `VITE_BASE_PATH`: Base path for the app (set in CI for GitHub Pages)
- `VITE_DISABLE_PWA`: Set to `"true"` to disable PWA features
- `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`: Cloudflare API token (GitHub secret)
- `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID`: Cloudflare account ID (GitHub secret)

## Custom Domain

### GitHub Pages Custom Domain

1. Go to: Settings → Pages → Custom domain
2. Add your domain (e.g., `geomania.example.com`)
3. Update DNS records as instructed
4. Update `VITE_BASE_PATH` in workflow to `/`

### Cloudflare Pages Custom Domain

1. Go to: Cloudflare Pages → Your Project → Custom domains
2. Add your domain
3. Cloudflare will automatically configure DNS

## Monitoring Deployments

- **GitHub Actions**: Check workflow runs in the Actions tab
- **GitHub Pages**: Settings → Pages shows deployment status
- **Cloudflare Pages**: Dashboard shows deployment history and logs

## Rollback

### GitHub Pages Rollback

GitHub Pages keeps deployment history. To rollback:
1. Find the successful workflow run you want to restore
2. Re-run the deployment job
3. Or revert the commit and push to `main`

### Cloudflare Pages Rollback

1. Go to Cloudflare Pages → Your Project → Deployments
2. Find the deployment you want to restore
3. Click "Rollback to this deployment"

## Additional Notes

- Deployments happen only on `main` branch pushes
- PR checks run on every PR but don't deploy
- GitHub Pages and Cloudflare Pages are built separately with different `VITE_BASE_PATH` values
- E2E tests must pass before deployment
- Failed deployments don't affect the current live site
